Documentation: Slack issue template (#4337)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/troubleshooting/README.md

# Troubleshooting

> This section try to collect common issues users have and give the solution.
> Not all problems are listed here and if this is your case, you can send a message in 
> our #issue Slack channel. Take a look here to get the template this really helps us
> understand what is happening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is aimed at collecting common issues users have to provide quick solutions. If you don't see your issue listed in this document, you can send a message in our #issues Slack channel. Using this template will allow us to address your issue quickly and will give us full understanding of your situation.
```

> ## Slack issue template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Slack Issue Template
```

> **Is your first time deploying Airbyte**: No / Yes <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Is this your first time deploying Airbyte**: No / Yes <br>
```

**OS Version / Instance**: Ubuntu 18.04, Mac OS, Windows, GCP , EC2 micro.a4 <br>
**Memory / Disk**: 16Gb / 1Tb SSD <br>
**Deployment**: Docker / Kubernetes <br>
**Airbyte Version**: 0.26.2-alpha <br>
**Source name/version**: File 0.24 <br>
**Destination name/version**: Postgres 0.3.0 <br>
**Step**: Setting new connection, source / On sync <br>

> **Description**: I'm trying to sync for the first time and the process never finish.
> I had enable CDC and other cool features. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: I'm trying to sync for the first time and the process doesn't finish. I had enabled CDC and other cool features. <br>
```
